OSDOCS-14001: adds multus update to relnotes MicroShift (#91786)
openshift/openshift-docs: microshift_release_notes/microshift-4-19-release-notes.adoc

//[id="microshift-4-19-storage-docs-update_{context}"]
//==== Updated content in the storage section

[id="microshift-4-19-notable-technical-changes_{context}"]
== Notable technical changes

This release adds improvements related to the following components and concepts.

[id="microshift-4-19-multus-standard-install_{context}"]
=== Multus CNI now installed with {microshift-short}

> With this release, the {microshift-short} multiple networking plug-in is automatically installed. To deploy the Multus container network interface (CNI), you can either set the value in the {microshift-short} configuration file, or install the `microshift-multus` RPM and use it to create a configuration snippet. For more information, see xref:../microshift_networking/microshift_multiple_networks/microshift-cni-multus.adoc#microshift-cni-multus[About using multiple networks].

Reviewer: I wouldn't say Multus is automatically installed. The manifests are now part of MicroShift, but they're not installed by default.

> install the `microshift-multus` RPM and use it to create a configuration snippet

RPM contains the configuration snippet/drop-in. No need to "use it to create".

> With this release, the {microshift-short} multiple networking plug-in is included in the {microshift-short} RPM. To deploy the Multus container network interface (CNI), you can either set the value in the {microshift-short} configuration file, or install the `microshift-multus` RPM, which contains a configuration snippet. For more information, see xref:../microshift_networking/microshift_multiple_networks/microshift-cni-multus.adoc#microshift-cni-multus[About using multiple networks].

Reviewer 2: To avoid passive voice:
```suggestion
With this release, the {microshift-short} RPM includes the {microshift-short} multiple networking plug-in. To deploy the Multus container network interface (CNI), you can either set the value in the {microshift-short} configuration file, or install the `microshift-multus` RPM, which contains a configuration snippet. For more information, see xref:../microshift_networking/microshift_multiple_networks/microshift-cni-multus.adoc#microshift-cni-multus[About using multiple networks].
```

Reviewer 2: or to keep emphasis on the plug-in, maybe something like:
```suggestion
With this release, the {microshift-short} multiple networking plug-in ships with the {microshift-short} RPM. To deploy the Multus container network interface (CNI), you can either set the value in the {microshift-short} configuration file, or install the `microshift-multus` RPM, which contains a configuration snippet. For more information, see xref:../microshift_networking/microshift_multiple_networks/microshift-cni-multus.adoc#microshift-cni-multus[About using multiple networks].
```
